Then we will wait for this season
Wow, why don't I cover it up first?
What about Vice President Xiaofu?
Why did I call him and he didn't answer?
I don't know.
This liar won't want to admit it tonight, will he?
How did that woman cover her face with her bag?
It can't be that it's not a show, right?
It's more annoying, you're playing so well
What kind of boss is there?
What kind of life
Xiaofu and Appetite they are
Well it's what you think
That kid has an appetite
This guy has made such a big sacrifice
Then he has to get a raise.
How did it go?
Signed great
So we can check and balance the matter
In this place in the future
Our Lu family is going to be a family
Next Monday's re-examination shareholders' meeting
You have to get ready